[THEME MUSIC]
>>Tim: There are two types
of lizard or reptilian kind
of beings.
When they appear on Earth,
they try to do it covertly.
Some come from a total
different reality.
Others come from
different planets.
They all have their own agenda.
>>RICHARD DOTY: When we
had EBE-1 in captivity
from 1947 to 1952, one
of the big questions was,
do you have a soul?
EBE-1 said, absolutely,
I have a soul.
It is eternal.
>>Tim: There are
phenomenons going on.
We also have
different life forms.
And the Pentagon reports
acknowledge that.
So when Earth enters a
full harmonious level 4
consciousness, those
things will appear
and they will affect everyone.
And we can see that
there are some forces
on this planet,
extraterrestrial forces, that
try to ascend humanity faster.
[THEME MUSIC]